an album sold eight Grammys to her name  she's a singer she's a songwriter she's  a dancer she's an actor she's a model  she's a producer and she's only 24 as if  that isn't enough  she has a sexy new passion that's  getting big buzz coming out de anza  [Applause]  isn't it just you walk out and that  happens me that just nice so I just  finished your final tour yeah with  Destiny's Child was that bitter sweet  definitely it was so emotional we  couldn't get through the last show the  first song we were already into here  yeah it was a beautiful moment for us  and the tour was great  so these will ever performed together  again absolutely  it doesn't yeah okay when will that be  so tell us your big news well my mother  not have been working on the clothing  line for probably two years and it's  called House of Dereon and it's named  after my grandmother and it actually  celebrates three generations of style my  grandmother the 40s my mother the 70s in  my generation all three different styles  mixed again that was not your  grandmother's name  Darrien Darrien I know Tina has been  working you know with you and the other  girls Destiny's Child for years creating  your costumes and says a how that  started well people will have always  asked where can we get the clothes and  my mom just she's born with that niche  yeah she's gifted yeah and it just was  natural for us to do this line because  this is our life she's been doing it for  years Wow  so we're gonna see the fashions in a  minute  [Music]  you know Beyonce is always one to watch  on the red carpet and do you angst about  having to go on the red carpet at all  like when you get up there you know  [Music]  it's fun for me because it's like dress  up but you know after so many red  carpets there is bound to be you know  certain mishaps shoes breaking strap  strengthen so we pulled some pictures of  some of your famous books starting with  this blue dress blue oh well that was  the other night and that was actually  the fourth time I changed and it had  Boni and when I was at a party and I sat  down and the boning curves yeah I was  sitting down and on my way out all the  paparazzi was still I thought and I said  oh my god  they're going to say that I'm pregnant  because because it was sticking out so  I'm holding it the whole time I'm  looking like okay  [Music]  that's placed under pressure okay her  Joe had a little fashion emergency in  the next Oscar  yeah then after night was with very  dramatic just say how fantastic were you  thanks how fantastic were you I mean I  was sitting here when you came out is  like you were like a dream girl thank  you yeah a dream girl and we were  rushing I that was my third change of  the night  and I was trying to get you know new  hair new makeup and the new dress in  like three minutes so my shoe wasn't  strapped and I'm walking down the stairs  and and I'm trying to remember the words  and I'm trying to my ear monitors turned  off and my shoe is off of my foot  actually inside of the dress so I'm on  one toe and I'm in one Hill walking down  the stairs and I'm like oh my gosh shoe  please save my dress  so it's always these crazy moments but I  always try to not let anyone else know  that's great what do you splurge on uh I  just bought a house yeah  [Applause]  and voting on  you're finding little treasures and now  that was really fun for me yeah that's  great isn't it I think it's the best  thing you can spend your money on at 24  I wait I didn't even know how to buy a  house for 24 hours still making 24,000  right cuz I was like well can't buy  house Beyonce's mother is the creative  force behind their new House of Dereon  clothing line coming up here Tina  I'm on the - yeah  so when did you decide to take it from  making clothes for the girls designing  clothes for them to a full fledged line  of your own well actually on the red  carpet the reporters were always saying  when is your line coming on I'm like  that's a good idea though but listen how  did were you doing this behind the  scenes you weren't actually sitting at a  sewing machine in the early days I was  yeah I had no budget yeah yeah and so  they would give me a budget there was  you know three girls and so I would take  the money and buy fabric instead of you  know nobody would lend me clothes  because they weren't big enough to yeah  and I go and I said this is kind of  weird because when I need the help they  wouldn't give it to us and then after  they got the money to buy some clothes  everybody wanted to give us clothes  ain't that the truth  so you're wearing your new line tell us  about it I love this thank you I love  this house of deréon  actually it's a lot of 40s inspired  designs and one thing that is important  to me I know when I buy designer clothes  I love the fit yeah and I thought we  should have the same fit with affordable  clothes that's one of the things that we  concentrate what did you tell you those  of you who are watching the final  stitches were sewn in just about an hour  ago ten minutes ago and what we're about  I walked in here last night and  everybody's like we're about to see for  the first time Beyonce and Tina's new  fashions you all might recognize  Beyonce's first two models come on out  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  okay y'all okay Beyonce tell us what  they're wearing  the Jarls are wearing this is this is  our denim and it's not the average denim  as you can see it's an embroidered  jacket  heute and brothers yes what a nice table  linen shorts but it's metallic linen  linen shorts we try to do you know  things different we want everyone to  feel special in the button Oh  [Applause]  have you been practicing that walk I  noticed that pony walk coming out here  beautiful beautiful and michelle's is an  idea that we have to do belt loops all  the way down so you can do belts all the  way down if you like  design the shows to design this rooster  now the thing is though I know  everybody's watching one okay what sizes  do you up to we go up to size 12 14 good  yes and we will we will  and the reason we are full of finger  line as well about the line but if you  have a Philippa Kate you are not  supposed to have this  I know but all the size 29 people watch  it  talking about they didn't do nothing for  us and thank them that they did not okay  we'll be right back thank you all  beautiful their mom and they have big  buzz it's the runway debut of their sexy  new clothing line called House of Dereon  named after Beyonce's grandmother she  created it along with her mother Tina  who is the designing force behind all of  Destiny's shot y'all good they ruin cue  the audience all of Destiny's Child  costumes this mother-daughter duo  are really inseparable and Beyonce told  us why in this backstage interview I  would describe her as the best mother in  the world and I mean that really she is  one of those people that you feel  honored to me and no matter who you are  you fall in love with her because she is  spiritual she's inspiring she's strong  she's funny she's creative she's  talented she's everything that I want to  be the best thing my mom's ever taught  me is to concentrate on your inner  beauty in your spirit because that's  what shines through and out of beauty  fades and your interview is forever I'm  really blessed to have my mom on the  road with me and I think when I  accomplish certain things and she's  there I feel so lucky because I know  there are a lot of people that don't  have that and it's really easy to get  out of touch with reality and I have so  many beautiful memories with my mom when  I grew up she always was there inspiring  me because a lot of people want to do  what I do but they don't have someone to  support them we asked Beyonce what she  wanted to say to the woman who always  believed in her I would want to thank  you because I cannot be here and I  wouldn't have survived all the things  that I have if it wasn't for you and I  always said you are phenomenal woman  and you are what I aim to be and I love  you and I couldn't have asked for a  better person to know let alone be my  mom I'm so blessed laughs thank you  [Applause]  [Music]  I you know what I can't imagine what  it's like to be a mother to hear that  cuz I really don't think that you know  there is a greater compliment to any  mother who has raised a child than to  hear that I want to be like you it's the  greatest compliment I'm just so blessed  to have my girl have you girls all oh  okay so you do look forward to being a  mommy one thing one day good yeah what  my older sister has heard a beautiful  baby and I babysit him I saw him in the  Walmart commercial I know he looks so  cute as the cutest things but it's a lot  of work yeah happy that I've witnessed  so that is not as glamorous as it seems  are you good on - you're good aren't you  I love him I spoiled him I love him to  death  Wow yeah so let's see more Beyonce and  Tina's new fashion line House of Dereon  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  is the smallest place I ever saw  and it's coming up out of her armpits  her waist start to distinctly four legs  do that my dear is called modeling okay  that is amazing how amazing in the shoes  still house of deréon  thank you lovely thank you oh my gosh  it's sort of like what you're wearing  right you feel sexy de Soto's shoulder  especially for people that don't like to  show their arms like me a longer version  yet and that's the short sleeve version  the buttons are actually antique buttons  will you stretch fabrics that kind of  talk about it we love stretch I look  okay okay so yeah you can wear this this  is he doesn't know who  [Applause]  we actually go veluz elyse I so where's  she going  okay these can be worn over jeans okay  excuse me we know where she's going we  just inhalation okay all the genes as  well stray cute over team yeah  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  nobody left new sweater different  fabrics together and texture so it  really is actually four different  fabrics and those are tuxedo pants love  them  okay good these are linen pants Bennett  baggy linen pants and this top can be  worn over another top as well but you  know they're all really unusual  beautiful sexy and graceful they're  really wonderful  [Applause]  [Music]  mrs. women mr. help for needs as well  it's a little what I call pedal pushers  they call them something else before my  day they were called kind of push and  again a corset mixing lace with men and  different textures a nice long sleeve  shirt and check out the shoes yes sir  these are my  [Music]  really beautiful thank you hoggle pairs  Destiny's Child Kelly Rowland and  Michelle Williams are back with the  show-stopping finale come on out  Kellyanne  gosh those are gorgeous gowns those are  gorgeous gowns yeah that count excellent  675 yards of fabric called it out Kelly  to Soho  don't you just feel like wonderful okay  what is the price point range from  starting at the the price point the  jeans are very reasonable  they're like 118 to we're going to have  my cashmere jeans and they'll be a  little higher and and blouses you know  around 100 the hundred and fifty dollar  range okay so you need to work by the  quality and the fit that we're getting  let's bring all the models out for  another look at the happened  [Music]  Oh baby  [Applause]  [Music]  this is so exciting to me because they  did a jean for women with bootay  and fit because it's hard to farm when  you have you jeans that fit in the waist  yes it ends yesterday and not so low  that you stand up you're crackers all as  well I give them off oh that's why I'm  loving it and listening everybody in the  audience I saw them packing a little  gene package for you so you all get them  [Applause]  we'll be like that  [Applause]